#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
bayesian-optimization==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via spyder-kernels
colorama==0.4.6
    # via bayesian-optimization
colour==0.1.5
    # via dtreeviz
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
dtreeviz==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fonttools==4.53.0
    # via matplotlib
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via dtreeviz
imbalanced-learn==0.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via spyder-kernels
ipython==8.27.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   spyder-kernels
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   spyder-kernels
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dtreeviz
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numpy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   bayesian-optimization
    #   contourpy
    #   dtreeviz
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dtreeviz
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.6
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pygments==2.18.0
    # via ipython
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.2.2
    # via dtreeviz
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   spyder-kernels
scikit-learn==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bayesian-optimization
    #   dtreeviz
    #   imbalanced-learn
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   bayesian-optimization
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
spyder-kernels==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via ipython
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
wurlitzer==3.1.1
    # via spyder-kernels
